Using many symbols makes it possible to put a large amount of information on a single map.
symbol: []

Anarchism is a term describing a cluster of doctrines and attitudes whose principal uniting feature is the belief that government is both harmful and unnecessary.
cluster: []
doctrines: []
attitude: []
principal: []
unit: []
harmful: []
unnecessary: []

Probably no man had more effect on the daily lives of most people in the Untied States than did Henry Ford a pioneer in automobile production.
pioneer: []

54. The use of well-chosen nonsense words makes possible the testing of many basic hypotheses in the field of language learning.
使用精心挑选的无意义词汇，可以检验语言学科里许多基本的假定。

55. The history of painting is a fascinating chain of events that probably began with the very first pictures ever made.
优化历史是由一连串的迷人事件组成，其源头大概可以上溯到最早的图画。

56. Perfectly matched pearls, strung into a necklace, bring a far higher price than the same pearls told individually.
相互般配的珍珠，串成一条项链，就能卖到比单独售出好得多的价钱。

57. During the eighteenth century, Little Turtle was chief of the Miami tribe whose territory became what is now Indiana and Ohio.
十八世纪时，“小乌龟”是迈阿密部落的酋长，该部落的地盘就是今天的印第安那州和俄亥俄州。

58. Among almost seven hundred species of bamboo, some are fully grown at less than a foot high, while others can grow three feet in twenty-four hours.
在竹子的近七百个品种中，有的全长成还不到一英尺，有的却能在二十四小时内长出三英尺。

59. Before staring on a sea voyage, prudent navigators learn the sea charts, study the sailing directions, and memorize lighthouse locations to prepare themselves for any conditions they might encounter.
谨慎的航海员在出航前，会研究航向，记录的灯塔的位置，以便对各种可能出现的情况做到有备无患。

60. Of all the economically important plants, palms have been the least studied.
在所有的经济作物中，棕榈树得到的研究最少。

61. Buyers and sellers should be aware of new developments in technology can and does affect marketing activities.
购买者和销售者都应该留意技术的新发展，原因很简单，因为技术能够并且已经影响着营销活动。

62. The application of electronic controls made possible by the microprocessor and computer storage have multiplied the uses of the modern typewriter.
电脑储存和由于电子微处理机得以实现的电控运用成倍的增加了现代打字机的功能。

63. The human skeleton consists of more than two hundred bones bound together by tough and relatively inelastic connective tissues called ligaments.
人类骨骼有二百多块骨头组成，住些骨头石油坚韧而相对缺乏弹性的，被称为韧带的结蒂组连在一起。

64. The pigmentation of a pearl is influenced by the type of oyster in which it develops and by the depth, temperature, and the salt content of the water in which the oyster lives.
珍珠的色泽受到作为其母体牡蛎种类及牡蛎生活水域的深度，温度和含盐度的制约。

65. Although mockingbirds superbly mimic the songs and calls of many birds, they can nonetheless be quickly identified as mockingbirds by certain aural clues.
尽管模仿鸟学很多种鸟的鸣叫声惟妙惟肖，但人类还是能够依其声音上的线索很快识别它们。

66. Not only can walking fish live out of water, but they can also travel short distances over land.
鲇鱼不仅可以离开水存活，还可以在岸上短距离移动。

67. Scientists do not know why dinosaurs became extinct, but some theories postulate that changers in geography, climate, and sea levels were responsible.
科学家不知道恐龙为何绝种了，但是一些理论推断是地理，气候和海平面的变化造成的。

68. The science of horticulture, in which the primary concerns are maximum yield and superior quality, utilizes inFORMation derived from other sciences.
主要目的在于丰富和优质的农艺学利用了其他科学的知识。

69. Snow aids farmers by keeping heart in the lower ground levels, thereby saving the seeds from freezing.
雪对农民是一种帮助，因为它保持地层土壤的温度，使种子不致冻死。

70. Even though the precise qualities of hero in literary words may vary over time, the basic exemplary function of the hero seems to remain constant.
历代文学作品中的英雄本色虽各有千秋，但其昭世功力却是恒古不变的。

71. People in prehistoric times created paints by grinding materials such as plants and clay into power and then adding water.
史前的人们制造颜料是将植物和泥土等原料磨成粉末，然后加水。

72. Often very annoying weeds, goldenrods crowd out less hardy plants and act as hosts to many insect pests.
黄菊花通常令人生厌，它挤走不那么顽强的植物，并找来很多害虫。

73. Starting around 7000 B.C., and for the next four thousand years, much of the Northern Hemisphere experienced temperatures warmer than at present.
大约从公元前七千年开始，在四千年当中，北半球的温度比现在高。

74. When Henry Ford first sought financial backing for making cars, the very notion of farmers and clerks owning automobiles was considered ridiculous.
当亨利.福特最初制造汽车为寻求资金支持时，农民和一般职员也能拥有汽车的想法被认为是可笑的。

75. Though once quite large, the population of the bald eagle across North America has drastically declined in the past forty years.
北美秃头鹰的数量一度很多，但在近四十年中全北美的秃头鹰数量急剧下降。

76. The beaver chews down trees to get food and material with which to build its home.
水獭啃倒树木，以便取食物并获得造窝的材料。

77. Poodles were once used as retrievers in duck hunting, but the American Kennel Club does not consider them sporting dogs because they are now primarily kept as pets.
长卷毛狗曾被用作猎鸭时叼回猎物的猎犬，但是美国Kennel Club却不承认它们为猎犬，因为它们现在大多数作为宠物饲养。

78. As a result of what is now know in physics and chemistry, scientists have been able to make important discoveries in biology and medicine.
物理学和化学的一个成果是使得科学家们能在生物学和医学上获得重大发现。

79. The practice of making excellent films based on rather obscure novels has been going on so long in the United States as to constitute a tradition.
根据默默无闻的小说制作优秀影片在美国由来已久，已经成为传统。

80. Since the consumer considers the best fruit to be that which is the most attractive, the grower must provide products that satisfy the discerning eye.
因为顾客认为最好的水果应该看起来也是最漂亮的，所以种植者必须提供能满足挑剔眼光的产品。

81. Television the most pervasive and persuasive of modern technologies, marked by rapid change and growth, is moving into a new era, an era of extraordinary sophistication and versatility, which promises to reshape our lives and our world.
电视，这项从迅速变化和成长为标志的最普及和最有影响力的现代技术，正在步入一个新时代，一个极为成熟和多样化的时代，这将重塑我们的生活和世界。

82. Television is more than just an electronics; it is a means of expression, as well as a vehicle for communication, and as such becomes a powerful tool for reaching other human beings.
电视不仅仅是一件电器；它是表达的手段和交流的载体并因此成为联系他人的有力工具。

83. Even more shocking is the fact that the number and rate of imprisonment have more than doubled over the past twenty years, and recidivism------that is the rate for re-arrest------is more than 60 percent.
更让人吃惊的事实是监禁的数目和比例在过去的二十年中翻了一番还有余，以及累犯率——即再次拘押的比例——为百分之六十强。

84. William Rainey Harper lured him to the new university of Chicago, where he remained officially for exactly a generation and where his students in advanced composition found him terrifyingly frigid in the classroom but sympathetic and understanding in their personal conferences.
他的教书生涯始于麻省理工学院，但是William Rainey Harper把他吸引到了新成立的芝加哥大学。他在那里正式任职长达整整一代人的时间。他的高级作文课上的学生觉得他在课上古板得可怕，但私下交流却富有同情和理解。

85. The sloth pays such little attention to its personal hygiene that green algae grow on its coarse hair and communities of a parasitic moth live in the depths of its coat producing caterpillars which graze on its mouldy hair. Its muscles are such that it is quits incapable of moving at a speed of over a kilometer an hour even over the shortest distances and the swiftest movement it can make is a sweep of its hooked arm.
树獭即不讲究卫生，以至于它粗糙的毛发上生出绿苔，成群的寄生蛾生长在它的皮毛深处，变成毛毛虫，并以它的脏毛为食。她的肌肉不能让他哪怕在很短的距离以内以每小时一公里的速度移动。它能做的最敏捷的动作就是挥一挥它弯曲的胳膊。

86. Artificial flowers are used for scientific as well as for decorative purposes. They are made from a variety of materials, such as way and glass, so skillfully that they can scarcely be distinguished from natural flowers.
人造花卉即可用于科学目的，也可用于装饰目的，它们可以用各种各样的材料制成，臂如蜡和玻璃；其制作如此精巧，几乎可以以假乱真。

87. Three years of research at an abandoned coal mine in Argonne, Illinois, have resulted in findings that scientists believe can help reclaim thousands of mine disposal sites that scar the coal-rich regions of the United States.
在伊利诺州Angonne市的一个废弃煤矿的三年研究取得了成果，科学家们相信这些成果可以帮助改造把美国产煤区弄得伤痕累累的数千个旧煤场。

88. When the persuading and the planning for the western railroads had finally been completed, the really challenging task remained: the dangerous, sweaty, backbreaking, brawling business of actually building the lines.
当有关西部铁路的说服和规划工作终于完成后，真正艰难的任务还没有开始；即危险，吃力，需要伤筋动骨和吵吵嚷嚷的建造这些铁路的实际工作。

89. Because of the space crunch, the Art Museum has become increasingly cautious in considering acquisitions and donations of art, in some cases passing up opportunities to strengthen is collections.
由于空间不足，艺术博物馆在考虑购买和接受捐赠的艺术品是越来越慎重，有些情况下放弃其进一步改善收藏的机会。

90. The United States Constitution requires that President be a natural-born citizen, thirty-five years of age or older, who has lived in the United States for a minimum of fourteen years.
美国宪法要求总统是生于美国本土的公民，三十五岁以上，并且在美国居住了至少十四年。

91. Arid regions in the southwestern United States have become increasingly inviting playgrounds for the growing number of recreation seekers who own vehicles such as motorcycles or powered trail bikes and indulge in hill-climbing contests or in caving new trails in the desert.
美国西部的不毛之地正成为玩耍的地方，对越来越多拥有摩托车或越野单车类车辆的，喜欢放纵于爬坡比赛或开辟新的沙漠通道的寻欢作乐者具有不断增长的吸引力。

92. Stone does decay, and so tools of long ago have remained when even the bones of the man who made them have disappeared without trace.
石头不会腐烂，所以以前的(石器)工具能保存下来，虽然它们的制造者已经消失的无影无踪。

93. Insects would make it impossible for us to live in the world; they would devour all our crops and kill our flocks and herds, if it were not for the protection we get from insect-eating animals.
昆虫就将会使我们无法在这个世界上居住；如果我们没有受到以昆虫为食的动物的保护，昆虫就会吞嚼掉我们所有的庄稼并杀死我们饲养的禽兽。

94. It is true that during their explorations they often faced difficulties and dangers of the most perilous nature, equipped in a manner which would make a modern climber shudder at the thought, but they did not go out of their way to court such excitement.
确实，他们在探险中遇到了极具威胁性的困难和危险，而他们的装备会让一个现代登山者想一想都会浑身颤栗。不过他们并不是刻意去追求刺激的。

95. There is only one difference between an old man and a young one: the young man has a glorious future before him and old one has a splendid future behind him: and maybe that is where the rub is.
老人和年轻人之间只有一个区别：年轻人的前面有辉煌的未来，老年人灿烂的未来却已在它们身后。这也许就是困难之所在。

96. I find young people exciting. They have an air of freedom, and they have not a dreary commitment to mean ambitions or love comfort. They are not anxious social climbers, and they have no devotion to material things.
我们位年强人振奋。它们带有自由的气息，他们不会为狭隘的野心和贪婪享受而孜孜以求。他们不是焦虑的向上爬的人，他们不会对物质性的东西难舍难分。

97. I am always amazed when I hear people saying that sport creates goodwill between the nations, and that if only the common peoples of the world could meet one another at football or cricket, they would have no inclination to meet on the battlefield.
每次我听说体育运动能够在国家间建立起友好感情，说世界各地的普通人只要能在足球场或板球场上相遇就会没有兴趣在战场上相遇的话，我都倍感诧异。

98. It is impossible to say simply for the fun and exercise: as soon as the question of prestige arises, as soon as you feel that you and some larger unit will be disgraced if you lose, the most savage combative instincts are around.
没有可能仅仅为了娱乐或锻炼而运动：一旦有了问题，一旦你觉得你输了你和你所属团体会有失体面时，你最野蛮的好斗本能就会被激发出来。

99. It has been found that certain bats emit squeaks and by receiving the echoes, they can locate and steer clear of obstacles------or locate flying insects on which they feed. This echo-location in bats is often compared with radar, the principle of which is similar.
人们已经发现，某些蝙蝠发出尖叫声并靠接受回响来锁定和避免障碍物——或者找到它们赖以为生的昆虫。蝙蝠这种回响定位法常拿来和原理与之很相近似的雷达相比。

100. As the time and cost of making a clip drop to a few days and a few hundred dollars, engineers may soon be free to let their imaginations soar without being penalized by expensive failure.
